Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I consulted Vivian Myers on her replace method and she was the one who advised me to use the replace all method as well as the "\\b" before and after the words I was trying to replace in order to avoid changing mirror words that were found within a word. I also consulted Lisa Damier on how to implement my transcript using an array. I did not attend any TA or office hours. My "initial" impressions of Java are that it it pretty straightforward and logical to work with once you get the syntax down and I really enjoyed writing in the language that I am most familiar with. A conclusion that I can draw from similaries between Python and Java is while syntax can be annoying and difficult to learn at first, it serves a purpose in communicating what the programmer wants the computer to do and allows for the making of complex programs that can be executed the same way as simple programs can. A few things that instantly worked for me include the replace method that allowed for the replacement of mirror words. However,I was struggling to implement it without having it replace mirror words found in other words. Consulting with another student really helped me fix this problem and I would advise consulting with atleast one other person on your code because you can always learn to write more concise and efficient code.